Update README.md about community meetings (#1282)
istio/community: README.md

Meeting agendas and notes can be accessed in the [working doc](http://bit.ly/istiocommunitymeet).

Interested in presenting? Please send your abstract to istio-steering@googlegroups.com.
This is the information we need from you:
    * Name

>     * Role and company

Reviewer: Can we add a speaker BIO?

Author: Done

>     * Talk title and a short abstract

Author: Added * Talk Format(Presentation/Demo) and Session Length

Meeting agendas and notes can be accessed in the [working doc](http://bit.ly/istiocommunitymeet).

Interested in presenting? Please send your abstract to istio-steering@googlegroups.com.
This is the information we need from you:
    * Name
    * Role and Company
    * Short Speaker Bio
    * Talk title and a short abstract
    * Talk Format(Presentation/Demo) and Session Length
    * Email to connect

Suitable content:

    * Istio new feature releases and project updates
    * Tutorials and demos
    * Use cases

>     * Content that relates vendor or platform to Istio installation and use

Reviewer 2: It should be ok as long as it is open sourced, otherwise vendor private should not be encouraged or allowed

Author: That has been added as a point in the "Unsuitable Content" section

Reviewer: I suggested a small change to make it clear

>     * Content that relates vendor or platform to Istio installation and use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Open source contents that relates vendor or platform to Istio installation and use
```

>     * Open source contents that relates vendor or platform to Istio installation and use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Open source content that relates vendor or platform to Istio installation and use
```
